Chatbot - Your Tireless 24/7 Customer Support Agent


Automate lead generation and customer service in no time. Focus on growing your business and let Tidio chatbots
handle the tedious stuff. That’s what they’re made for.

Get a Ready-to-Use Online Chatbot for Your Website

All you need to do is pick one of our conversation bot templates.
Just click, and your new AI chatbot will get activated and start to help you grow right away.

Automate Your Customer Service With Chatbots

Our chatbot app uses Natural Language Processing (NLP) technology to quickly identify frequently used 
words and help your customers with simple inquiries. Your operators gain more time to handle complex issues.


New Ways to Measure Customer Satisfaction

Use chatbots to better understand your customers’ needs. Set up short-answer questions, ratings, or surveys, 
and get actionable customer feedback to help your business grow.

Automate Conversations with AI-Powered Bots

What is a ChatBot/VoiceBot solution?
Conversational AI-powered Bots let you do more than just converse. Automate conversations for support, 
lead generation & more with ChatBots and VoiceBots. Built to give omnichannel 
experience through Website, WhatsApp and virtual assistant AI-technologies like Google Assistant & Alexa.



Be Available 24x7 - Improve Customer Experience & answer every query 24x7

Provide Multilingual Support- Resolve customer queries in multiple languages

Be Omnipresent - Reach out to customers on Website, WhatsApp and virtual assistant AI-technologies like Google
 Assistant & Alexa.

Improve Lead Conversion Rate- Assist customers over call/chat in filling forms & reduce drop-offs

Schedule Follow-Ups - Proactively follow up with customers and send reminders on WhatsAPP to prevent customer churn

Cost-Effective- Affordable pay-as-you-go model. No Capital Expenditure or complicated licensing.


Get the customers to come to you
A Messenger bot is your new favorite sales lead generation tool. Use it to automatically start conversations 
with prospects from ads, post comments, and more.

Increase sales, reduce costs, and automate support